all new at 5:30 serena williams looks to
add another title to her resume at this
week's miami open in Crandon Park the
seven-time defending champ is scheduled
to begin defending her title Friday cbs4
sports anchor Jim berry joins us now
with more Jim
well Rick's arena is nursing a sore knee
but plans to play in what she considers
her home tournament of course she lives
right up the road in Palm Beach Gardens
and along her road to tennis glory
Serena is still intent on enjoying the
ride
so here's the world's top female tennis
player breaking it down like Beyonce and
a new video it was released to plug her
new Vogue magazine cover Serena Williams
always likes to keep it moving that's
the key for you listen to mix tennis
with other things to keep it interesting
what tennis is what she does best and
she knows it
at 33 she rules her sport like maybe no
other athlete does I know I'm really
good at playing tennis I might not be
good at many other things but I'm really
good at tennis and I and I love to do it
and and I've always said if I'm playing
on a level that I know I can play like
I'm serving well I'm returning well if
I'm doing everything well it's it's kind
it's difficult without pontificating
it's it's difficult to beat me the stats
bear that out with 19 Grand Slams
Serena's bearing down on all-time great
Steffi Graf you've got 19 slams there's
Steffi sitting there with 22 is that a
goal of yours to play that's everyone
else's goal my goal last year
Serena admits that she caught herself
looking ahead and that's what I did last
year I started thinking way far in
advance and I just couldn't even get
past the fourth round of a slam and then
after that I won two slams in a row once
I changed my way of thinking so I'm just
not thinking I had that much so now
she's content to stay in the moment and
for now that means playing in a
tournament that she has dominated in a
place where she feels comfortable and
even though she could be considered a
senior citizen compared to her opponents
Serena is finding a way to keep a young
frame of mind you know I try to keep
myself current I say the current words
like fleek you know
I am on top of it well in case you're
wondering as I was fleek means on point
there you go Syrena last week returned
Indian was for the first time in 13
years where she and sister Venus were
once taunted this time though she got a
warm welcome a sign that she and maybe
the times have changed
I'm Jim Berry cbs4 sports Jim thank you